docs: rearrange docs structure and prepare for future outline (#2051)
namehash/ensnode: docs/ensnode.io/src/content/docs/docs/build-with-ens/omnigraph/index.mdx

---
title: ENS Omnigraph API

> description: A unified GraphQL API for querying ENS names across all chains.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: The ultimate ENSv2 API.
```

---

:::caution[Coming Soon]
We're actively working on this page right now. Check back next week for full content!
:::

> This page will introduce the ENS Omnigraph API — a unified GraphQL API for querying ENS names across all chains. Includes schema overview, mental model, and how it differs from the legacy ENS Subgraph schema.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page will introduce the ENS Omnigraph API — the ultimate ENSv2 API. Includes schema overview, mental model, and how it differs from the legacy ENS Subgraph schema.
```
